Entrance rando work in progress.

Changes:

Dungeons and great faries have their locations randomized with logic. The
placement algorithm will guarantee reachability of all dungeons for their
respective target ages. This means you will never get a fire temple on Deku
etc with unreachable adult-only locations. Spirit is guaranteed reachable by both
adult and child.

The hyrule castle and ganons castle fairy is considered only one location.
This means if you get fairy on the castle fairy check you will not need
strength 3 as you have already cleared it. The downside is you may need strength
3 to enter whatever dungeon lands there when you peek it as child. This is an
implementation limitation rather than a design descision. An upshoot is the
Spirit temp can be placed there.

The iron knuckle doors in Spirit are converted to separate great-faries. This
avoids the player being able to reach the desert colossus from a spirit temple
that is not at the colossus. Spirit temple logic is adjusted for the extra ZL
requirements and longshotting accross the hands is removed from logic. The hands
of spirit are inaccessible (without glitches) and are removed from the location
list. They will have their vanilla items if you glitch your way there.

The Requiem song is reached by zoning out of spirit and not into the desert
colossus (free song when you find spirit).

Check the spoiler log for the list of entrances.

See further below for detailed logic.

Known issues:

There is no UI. Entrance rando is hard-coded on.

Barren and WotH hints are distorted due to great fariy randomization. Generally
don't trust these hints when a great fairy is involved.

Death warping and save warping in dungeons is broken. Always warp out of
dungeons with a song or walk out the front door. If you die in-dungeon, you may
respawn at the wrong location. You can safely zone out and continue play but
you may be at an out-of-logic location.

I suggest using this settings string to minimize logic bug risk as dev
continues:

BRGD6ZCEASLDJKEKWMAAAEV2MEBA

Some of the harder minigame checks are removed for convenience, these can be put
back in with no logic risk if desired.

Detailed Logic:

With many more wrong-age dungeon possibilites a number of new wrong-age dips
and completions come into logic.

Wrong age skull farming is generally in logic, e.g. If you have a boomerang but
no hookshot you may be required to go into forest as child for the 
child-reachable skulls.

    Deku Tree:

Deku Tree may be adult accessible and can be 100%ed by adult. Placement is free
to restrict Deku Tree to an adult-only zone (e.g. on Forest Temple). Adult B1
skip is fully in logic as a simple ledge climb with no setup. Child may still
have an in-logic advantage over adult, especially for fire sources.

    Dodongos Cavern:

DC logic is laregly unchanged, with freedom the restrict to either of adult or
child only. The same logic of closed DoT DC completion applies to a child-only
DC.

    Jabu Jabu:

Jabu will always be child-accessible. Adult may be required to dip Jabu for the
Boomerang chest and can do some skull farming. The Deku scrub is out of logic for
adult due to adults inability to dive.

    Forest Temple:

Forest will always be adult-accessible. Child may be required to do a dip. The
SoT block is open to child without SoT, and this is in logic. Kokiri sword is
required for logic on the downstairs stalfos. Child can push the strength 1 block
but can not climb it so they eye chest may be in logic for child. Twisted
hall and beyond is out of logic.

Adult may be required to complete the dungeon without a hookshot. Onlt the NE
outside platform chest is potentially hookshot locked, with walk up access from
the falling ceiling room in logic. This is a leading cause of keylock.

    Fire Temple:

Fire will always be adult-accessible. Child can dip for the first chest and
the chest under the SoT block. Child cannot do the SoT block skull or the
bombable wall goron downstairs due to height limitations. Child cannot do
deep fire due to height limitations and fire tunic.

    Water Temple:

Water will always be adult-accessible. Child cannot progress water independently
at all, however can be required to assist adult. Specifically, child can provide
a fire source for torches with sticks where adult may not have dins or bow.
Child can be required to Farores the central tower skull when child has the
needed items and adult has no hook (the full logic on this is very complicated).

Water is considerably progressable with no hookshot and this is in logic. The
skultulla to the south down the bottom is in logic with hovers in place of the
hookshot. The dragon chest is out of logic with no hookshot.

There is a general expectation that both adult and child can jump down to the
middle level of the central tower when water it at the bottom level.

    Shadow Temple:

Shadow will always be adult-accessible. Child is powerless with no impact to
logic.

Shadow is mostly completable without Dins Fire and this is logic. Dins is needed
for logic on the closing spike wall chests and this is a new cause of keylock.

Childs access to the graveyard warp is in logic for child's access to whatever
gets placed on Shadow.

    Spirit Temple:

Spirit will always be both-accessible. The logic is largely unchanged however it
is possible for child to have access when adult does not and this is in logic.
This is logically the same as not having strength with the exception child may
be required to get the Requiem song in the event child has better access to
spirit than adult.

    Gerudo Training Grounds:

GTG will always be adult-accessible. Child may be expected to progress the mazes
from either entry and complete the eye-shoot, stalfos and lizalfos checks.
Kokiri Sword is required for logic on the Stalfos and Lizalfos.

    Ice Cavern:

Ice will always be adult-accessible. Everything is in logic for child with the
exception of the final chest and song, however a Kokiri Sword is needed to pass
the first room of ice breathers.

    Bottom of the Well:

BotW will always be child-accessible. Adult is powerless with no impact to
logic.
